[ RUMBLING ]
[ WIND WHIPPING ]
[ WHOOSHES ]
LIVE LONG AND PROSPER.
[ GUNSHOT ]
TAKE EVERYTHING YOU CAN!
BOARD HIS SHIP!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
CAPTAIN'S STARLOG,
JANUARY 13, 2155.
WE'VE LEFT GORLAN STATION
AND HAVE SET A COURSE
WITH OUR ASSAULT FLEET.
TO RENDEZVOUS
HAVE ASKED FOR A FEW MINUTES
MAJOR REED AND THE DOCTOR
TO SHOW ME THEIR LATEST PROJECT.
[ SCREAMING ]
THE BOOTH WILL BE
FAR MORE EFFECTIVE
DISCIPLINARY METHODS.
THAN OUR PREVIOUS
IT CAN STIMULATE THE PAIN CENTER
OF VIRTUALLY ANY HUMANOID.
A SYNAPTIC SCAN CALIBRATES IT
FOR EACH SPECIES.
THEY CALL THIS PROGRESS.
THERE'S SOMETHING TO BE SAID
OLD-FASHIONED FLOGGING.
FOR A GOOD
EXCEPTIONAL ABOUT THIS DEVICE.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT'S SO
TRADITIONAL FORMS OF PUNISHMENT
THE NERVOUS SYSTEM.
CAN OVERWHELM
AFTER A TIME, THE BRAIN CEASES
TO FEEL ANYTHING.
THESE SENSORS CONTINUALLY SHIFT
THE STIMULATION
FROM ONE NERVE CLUSTER
TO ANOTHER,
IN A CONSTANT STATE OF AGONY.
KEEPING THE SUBJECT
[ GROANING ]
I THINK YOU ENJOY YOUR WORK
TOO MUCH, DOCTOR.
WHAT EXACTLY DID MR. TEREV DO?
I'M NOT CERTAIN.
I SUSPECT HE WAS LATE
FOR HIS DUTY SHIFT.
AREN'T ALL TELLARITES
GUILTY OF SOMETHING?
[ TEREV GROANING ]
TO LOOK OVER MY PROPOSAL?
DID YOU GET A CHANCE
-I READ IT.
-AND?
WE'RE GOING TO RENDEZVOUS
WITH THE FLEET AS ORDERED.
INTO THOLIAN SPACE
I'M NOT GOING
FROM SOME ANONYMOUS SOURCE.
BASED ON DATA
MAYBE YOU HAVEN'T HEARD -- WE
HAVE A REBELLION TO PUT DOWN.
-THE THOLIANS AREN'T
PART OF IT.
-YOU SAW THE DATA.
THIS TECHNOLOGY WOULD GIVE US
A TACTICAL ADVANTAGE.
WE COULD END THE WAR TOMORROW.
YOU SEE THIS AS YOUR BIG CHANCE,
DON'T YOU?
SIR?
YOU BRING THAT SHIP HOME,
AND YOU'LL BE A HERO.
A MEDAL ON YOUR CHEST.
THE EMPEROR PINS
YOU MIGHT EVEN GET THAT COMMAND
YOU'VE ALWAYS WANTED.
IS SAVING THE EMPIRE.
MY ONLY CONCERN
RESUME YOUR STATION.
YOU'RE MAKING A MISTAKE.
CAPTAIN,
GO BACK TO THE BRIDGE,
YOU CAN EITHER
OR TAKE THE PLACE
OF THAT TELLARITE.
WHICH DO YOU PREFER?
UNDERSTOOD.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
REVIEWING STATUS REPORTS.
THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE
YOUR SANCTUARY...
A PLACE TO GET AWAY
FROM STATUS REPORTS.
[ BEEPS ]
MM.
YOU'RE THE ONE PERSON
ON THIS SHIP
THAT I DON'T MIND GIVING IN TO.
AND PROBABLY THE ONLY ONE
THAT DOESN'T WANT TO SLIP
A KNIFE IN YOUR BACK.
WENT WELL AT TAU CETI.
I HEARD THE BATTLE
-IS THAT WHAT YOU HEARD?
-HMM.
WORD ON THE SHIP IS THAT THE WAR
MAY BE OVER SOON.
I'LL GO BACK TO BRAZIL,
START TEACHING AGAIN.
YOU'LL ACCEPT A COMFORTABLE
DESK JOB AT HEADQUARTERS.
WE'LL HAVE THE WEEKENDS.
[ SIGHS ]
LISTENING TO PROPAGANDA.
YOU'VE BEEN
THINGS WENT BADLY AT TAU CETI.
VERY BADLY.
WE LOST 12 SHIPS.
KEEP THIS TO YOURSELF.
WHAT REALLY HAPPENED --
IF THE CREW LEARNS
FORGET ABOUT THE WAR.
THIS IS OUR TIME.
[ GROANS ]
DON'T!
YOU'LL HANG FOR THIS.
-LOCK HIM IN THE BRIG.
-SIR.
DOWN TO THE CARGO BAY.
LET ME TAKE HIM
I'LL FINISH HIM QUICKLY,
QUIETLY.
I WANT HIM ALIVE.
STILL, IT'D BE TRAGIC
IF THERE WAS AN ACCIDENT
ON THE WAY TO THE BRIG.
IF ANYTHING HAPPENS TO FORREST,
I'LL SHOOT YOU MYSELF.
ARE WE CLEAR, MAJOR?
PERFECTLY, SIR.
STAND ASIDE, COMMANDER.
WHERE'S CAPTAIN FORREST?
CONTACT SECURITY.
[ GROANS ]
[ BEEPS ]
THIS IS FIRST OFFICER ARCHER.
IN ACCORDANCE WITH STARFLEET
ORDERS THIS DATE,
Captain Forrest of duty
I've relieved
command of Enterprise.
and assumed
My orders are to take the ship
into Tholian space
importance to the Empire.
for a mission of vital
the details of our assignment,
I can't reveal
but I can tell you this --
If we're successful,
the rebellion once and for all.
Starfleet will crush
NO CREW IN STARFLEET HAS BEEN
TESTED MORE IN BATTLE.
I KNOW I CAN COUNT
ON EACH OF YOU
TO THE BEST OF YOUR ABILITY.
TO PERFORM YOUR DUTY
OUR MARCH TOWARD VICTORY.
NOTHING WILL IMPEDE
LONG LIVE THE EMPIRE.
-LONG LIVE THE EMPIRE!
NO SUCH COMMUNIQUéS
WE'VE RECEIVED
FROM STARFLEET COMMAND.
ON A PRIVATE CHANNEL.
IT WAS SENT
I'D LIKE TO SEE THOSE ORDERS.
ALL IN GOOD TIME.
ALTER OUR HEADING.
2-1-5 MARK 13.
MAXIMUM WARP.
YES, CAPTAIN.
CORPORAL.
ESCORT COMMANDER T'POL
TO CARGO BAY 2.
YOU'LL FIND A SULIBAN
CLOAKING DEVICE THERE.
AND HELP TUCKER INSTALL IT.
BRING IT TO ENGINEERING
WE'RE GOING TO NEED THE CLOAK
TO COMPLETE THIS MISSION.
CAPTAIN JONATHAN ARCHER.
ENTERPRISE STARLOG,
THE CREW HAS ACCEPTED
THE CHANGE OF COMMAND
WITHOUT INCIDENT.
CHIEF ENGINEER TUCKER REPORTS
WE'LL HAVE CLOAKING CAPABILITY
WITHIN 6 HOURS.
APPEAR TO BE AUTHENTIC.
THESE ORDERS
APPEAR?
ALL I REQUIRE FROM YOU
IS YOUR LOYALTY.
DO I HAVE IT?
YOU ARE IN COMMAND.
I'M GLAD WE CAN AGREE
ON SOMETHING.
DO YOU RECOGNIZE THIS?
IT BELONGED TO ZEFRAM COCHRANE.
HE USED IT TO KILL
THE FIRST VULCAN
WHO STEPPED ONTO TERRAN SOIL.
WOULD HAVE PLAYED OUT
I WONDER HOW HISTORY
IF COCHRANE HADN'T TURNED THE
TABLES ON YOUR INVASION FORCE.
INSTEAD OF THE OTHER WAY AROUND.
HUMANS MIGHT BE YOUR SLAVES
I'M NOT A SLAVE.
YOU'RE VULCAN.
NEVER FORGET THAT.
HOW LONG UNTIL WE CROSS
INTO THOLIAN SPACE?
IT'S LIKELY WE ALREADY HAVE.
THEY FREQUENTLY ANNEX SYSTEMS
OUTSIDE THEIR CORE TERRITORY.
THERE'S A WARP SIGNATURE
ENCODED ON THIS.
NOTIFY ME THE MOMENT
YOU FIND IT.
-IF THERE'S NOTHING FURTHER --
-THERE IS.
I'M PROMOTING YOU
TO FIRST OFFICER.
MAJOR REED'S NEXT IN LINE.
HE WON'T BE PLEASED --
REED IS A CAPABLE SOLDIER,
BUT HE HAS TROUBLE
FOLLOWING ORDERS.
AND I KNOW HE HAS AMBITIONS
OF HIS OWN.
YOU DON'T APPROVE OF VULCANS.
YOU'VE MADE IT CLEAR
MAYBE THIS IS MY WAY
TO YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE.
OF SAYING THANK YOU
WITHOUT VULCAN TECHNOLOGY,
THE EMPIRE WOULDN'T BE
WHERE IT IS TODAY.
DISMISSED.
SERVING AS MY PERSONAL GUARD
WILL HAVE ITS PRIVILEGES.
YOU'LL HAVE YOUR OWN QUARTERS,
BETTER FOOD.
YOU'LL ACCEPT ORDERS FROM ME,
AND ME ALONE. IS THAT CLEAR?
YES, SIR.
AND CAPTAIN, IF I MAY,
I'D LIKE TO BE THE FIRST
TO CONGRATULATE YOU
ON A BRILLIANT STRATEGY.
IN YEARS TO COME --
I'M CERTAIN THAT
YOU ALREADY HAVE THE JOB,
SERGEANT.
DON'T TALK YOURSELF OUT OF IT.
[ DOG GROWLING ]
DON'T MIND PORTHOS.
HE HASN'T HAD HIS DINNER YET.
-[ DOOR CHIMES ]
-COME IN.
THAT'LL BE ALL.
A COMMUNIQUé FROM STARFLEET.
YOU DIDN'T RECEIVE
IF SOMETHING CAME THROUGH.
I WOULD HAVE KNOWN
[ PORTHOS RUMBLES ]
[ LAUGHS ]
DIDN'T THINK YOU HAD IT IN YOU.
A MUTINY. OH.
AS A COMPLIMENT.
I'LL TAKE THAT
WHERE'S CAPTAIN FORREST?
HE'S SAFE.
HOW DO I KNOW THAT YOU DIDN'T
PUSH HIM OUT OF AN AIRLOCK?
I WANT TO TALK TO HIM.
-NOT RIGHT NOW.
-[ BEEPS ]
AS YOU DON'T CAUSE ANY TROUBLE.
HE'LL REMAIN ALIVE AS LONG
NO HIDDEN DISTRESS SIGNALS
TO STARFLEET.
I NEED YOU AND YOUR EXPERTISE.
IS THAT ALL YOU NEED?
FORGIVEN ME FOR LEAVING.
YOU'VE NEVER
I'M SORRY IF I HURT YOU.
FOR ADVANCEMENT AND YOU TOOK IT.
YOU SAW AN OPPORTUNITY
JUST AS YOU DID.
YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN CAPTAIN
WE LEFT SPACEDOCK.
FROM THE MOMENT
YOU'VE ALWAYS KNOWN THAT.
OH, IF IT HADN'T BEEN
FOR ALL THOSE ADMIRALS
CONSPIRING BEHIND YOUR BACK,
ENTERPRISE WOULD HAVE
BEEN YOURS.
TRADITION SAYS THAT WHATEVER...
THE PREVIOUS CAPTAIN
BELONGED TO
IS YOURS FOR THE TAKING.
TO ARGUE WITH TRADITION.
I'VE NEVER BEEN ONE
-T'Pol to Captain Archer.
-[ COMMUNICATOR BEEPS ]
KEEP OUR RELATIONSHIP
MAYBE WE SHOULD
ON A PROFESSIONAL LEVEL.
-Captain Archer, please respond.
-[ COMMUNICATOR BEEPS ]
GO AHEAD.
the warp signature.
We're approaching
ON MY WAY.
I EXPECT YOU TO BE IN A BETTER
MOOD WHEN I GET BACK.
CAPTAIN ON THE BRIDGE.
WE'RE CLOSING ON TARGET.
20,000 KILOMETERS.
THERE'S ONE BIO-SIGN ABOARD.
THOLIAN.
POWER THE TRACTOR EMITTERS.
[ BEEPING ]
HE'S SEEN US.
HE'S ARMING WEAPONS.
[ RUMBLING ]
I DON'T WANT THE PILOT INJURED.
DISABLE HIS SHIP.
DONE.
BUILDING IN HIS REACTOR.
THERE'S AN OVERLOAD
MAJOR?
IT WASN'T MY DOING, SIR.
I TARGETED HIS WEAPONS ONLY.
I BELIEVE THE PILOT
TO DESTROY HIS OWN SHIP.
MAY BE ATTEMPTING
LOCK ON THE TRANSPORTER.
THE DECON CHAMBER.
BEAM HIM INTO
CAPTAIN.
WE HAVE THE PILOT.
ARCHER TO SICKBAY.
A THOLIAN INTO DECON.
WE'VE BEAMED
MODIFY THE ATMOSPHERE
IN THERE.
IT MAY TAKE A MOMENT.
THOLIANS HAVE RATHER EXTREME
LIFE-SUPPORT REQUIREMENTS.
INCREASING TEMPERATURE
TO 480 KELVIN.
[ THOLIAN CHITTERING ]
IF YOU'RE ANGRY NOW,
JUST WAIT.
HOW IS HE?
HOW IS "IT" WOULD
BE MORE ACCURATE.
AND FEMALE CHARACTERISTICS.
THOLIANS POSSESS BOTH MALE
ITS BIO-SIGNS, SUCH AS THEY ARE,
APPEAR TO BE STABLE.
WILL IT UNDERSTAND ME?
[ BEEPS ]
I'M CAPTAIN ARCHER.
THE TERRAN FLAGSHIP ENTERPRISE.
YOU'RE ONBOARD
OR YOU WILL BE HARMED.
ANSWER MY QUESTIONS
[ SHRILL CHITTERING ]
IT'S DEMANDING TO BE RELEASED.
WHERE YOU'RE HOLDING
I WANT TO KNOW
THE TERRAN VESSEL
YOU CAPTURED.
[ THOLIAN CHITTERING ]
"MY PEOPLE WILL FIND YOUR SHIP
AND DESTROY IT."
A MINOR ADJUSTMENT
TO LIFE SUPPORT
MORE COOPERATIVE.
SHOULD MAKE IT
DECREASING TEMPERATURE
50 DEGREES.
[ CHITTERING ]
TELL ME WHAT I WANT TO KNOW.
YOUR MATERNAL ANCESTOR.
SOMETHING ABOUT
TAKE IT DOWN ANOTHER 50.
[ SHRIEKING ]
BEGINNING TO FRACTURE.
ITS EXOSKELETON IS
"I AGREE. I AGREE."
GO ON.
THE VINTAAK SYSTEM,
THE SHIP IS IN
ORBITING THE GAS GIANT.
AT A FACILITY
[ SHRILLING ]
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
A SHORT-RANGE TRANSMISSION.
A DISTRESS SIGNAL.
A COMM DEVICE IN THERE?
YOU THINK IT HAS
ITS CRYSTALLINE STRUCTURE
MAY ACT AS A NATURAL
TRANSMITTER.
SIR, I RECOMMEND WE BEAM IT
INTO SPACE IMMEDIATELY.
NO. I NEED TO KEEP
IT ALIVE FOR NOW,
UNTIL I CAN VERIFY
WHAT IT'S TOLD US.
TO KNOCK THAT THING OUT.
FIND SOME WAY
YES, CAPTAIN.
YOU FORGET SOMETHING?
BIGGS!
GET THE COMMANDER
A RADIATION METER.
END UP LIKE ME, DO YOU?
YOU DON'T WANT TO
ENOUGH DELTA RAYS
I'VE ABSORBED
TO GUARANTEE MY GRANDCHILDREN
GLOW IN THE DARK.
FLUX COUPLER.
[ MACHINES HUMMING ]
THEY SAY FOR EVERY YEAR
ONE OF THESE THINGS,
YOU SPEND NEXT TO
OFF YOUR LIFE EXPECTANCY,
YOU LOSE A DECADE
WHICH MEANS I'LL PROBABLY BE
DEAD BY THE END OF THE WEEK.
TO CAPTAIN ARCHER
YOU SHOULD SPEAK
ABOUT A PROMOTION.
YOU COULD TALK TO HIM FOR ME.
YOU'RE HIS FIRST OFFICER.
WHY WOULD I DO THAT?
I DID YOU A FAVOR ONCE.
WE AGREED NEVER TO DISCUSS THAT.
AND I HAVEN'T.
I'D HARDLY CALL IT A FAVOR.
YOU ENJOYED YOURSELF.
SEVERAL TIMES, AS I RECALL.
SO, HOW MANY YEARS IS IT
UNTIL YOUR PON FARR
COMES AROUND AGAIN?
[ BUZZING ]
THAT COMING FROM?
WHERE THE HELL'S
[ BUZZING ]
PULL THE MATRIX CONVERTER!
[ EXPLOSION ]
[ GROANING ]
CAN YOU REPAIR THE CLOAK?
-IT'LL TAKE AT LEAST A DAY.
-YOU HAVE 6 HOURS.
E.P.S. FEEDS ON THIS DECK.
THERE ARE DOZENS OF
AND THE ONLY ONE
THAT OVERLOADS
TO THE CLOAKING DEVICE.
IS THE ONE CONNECTED
DISABLED OTHER SYSTEMS.
THE POWER SURGE
INTERNAL SENSORS ARE DOWN.
GRAV-PLATING ON "G" DECK.
WE'VE LOST
YOUR FIRST PRIORITY.
THE CLOAK'S
SOMEONE'S RESPONSIBLE
FOR WHAT HAPPENED.
FIND OUT WHO.
CAN INVESTIGATE THIS.
MY PEOPLE
CRAWLING AROUND, PULLING RELAYS.
I DON'T NEED HIS KIND
GET THE CLOAK ONLINE.
WHO SABOTAGED THE CLOAK?
WAS SOMETHING DAMAGED?
HAS AN AGENT ON ENTERPRISE.
I KNOW ADMIRAL BLACK
I WANT THE NAME.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
THAT THE ADMIRAL
WOULD PLANT A SPY ON MY SHIP,
AND THEN TELL ME WHO IT IS?
SEARCH HIS PERSONAL FILES.
GO TO HIS QUARTERS,
-LOOK FOR MESSAGES
FROM STARFLEET.
-FOLLOW HIS ORDERS,
AND YOU'LL BE EXECUTED
AS A CO-CONSPIRATOR.
AYE, CAPTAIN.
THIS ISN'T LIKE YOU, JONATHAN.
FOR POWER AND GLORY.
YOU NEVER LUSTED
AT MY SIDE ALL THESE YEARS --
THAT'S WHY I TRUSTED YOU
BECAUSE YOU HAVE NO AMBITION.
THEN WHY ARE YOU IN THE BRIG?!
IF THAT'S RIGHT,
[ CHOKING ]
RELEASE ME,
YOUR DEATH WILL BE QUICK.
AND I PROMISE
[ GASPING ]
YOU WON'T GET THAT GUARANTEE
FROM THE ADMIRAL.
[ PANTING ]
KILL ME,
AND SHE'LL NEVER FORGIVE YOU.
[ COUGHING ]
ENTERED THIS JUNCTION
THE SABOTEUR
AND DELIBERATELY OVERLOADED
THIS E.P.S. WAVEGUIDE.
SUPPOSED TO BE OFF-LIMITS.
THAT JUNCTION'S
THE INTRUDER ALARMS
WERE DISABLED.
HOW?
ONE WAY I KNOW OF --
THERE'S ONLY
A HIGH-LEVEL DIAGNOSTIC SCAN.
BY RUNNING
COMMANDER TUCKER
INITIATED A SCAN
BEFORE THE OVERLOAD.
30 MINUTES
[ GROANING ]
[ PANTING ]
TO SABOTAGE THE CLOAK?
WHO ORDERED YOU
I DIDN'T!
[ ELECTRICITY SURGING ]
[ GROANS ]
WHEN I GET OUT OF THIS!
REED, I'LL KILL YOU
I'D LIKE TO SEE YOU TRY.
I CHECKED THE RECORDS.
ADMIRAL BLACK RECOMMENDED YOU
FOR CHIEF ENGINEER.
HE INSISTED FORREST REPLACE
HIS OWN MAN WITH YOU.
FOR THE ADMIRAL, AREN'T YOU?
YOU'RE WORKING
WHAT HAVE YOU TOLD HIM?
YOU'VE GOT IT ALL WRONG.
CAPTAIN,
[ ELECTRICITY SURGING ]
[ GROANING ]
[ GASPING ]
-WHAT HAVE YOU TOLD HIM?
-IT WASN'T ME!
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN LOYAL TO YOU!
PLEASE, CAPTAIN.
BREAK HIM.
[ GROANING ]
IT HASN'T BEEN THAT GOOD
IN A LONG TIME.
[ SIGHS ]
WILL GIVE UP FOR HER CAREER.
THE THINGS A GIRL
THE DATA I GAVE YOU,
TO THE FLEET ADMIRAL?
DID YOU TRANSMIT IT
OF COURSE.
WHAT WAS IT?
INSURANCE POLICY.
WHAT'S WRONG?
TUCKER'S A COMPETENT ENGINEER.
DAMAGE THE CLOAK,
IF HE WANTED TO
HE COULD HAVE DONE
A MUCH BETTER JOB.
IT COULDN'T HAVE BEEN EASY
WITH T'POL LOOKING
OVER HIS SHOULDER.
LOCATE COMMANDER T'POL.
COMPUTER,
UNABLE TO COMPLY.
INTERNAL SENSORS ARE OFFLINE.
THE SENSORS WERE DAMAGED
BY THE OVERLOAD.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
STAY HERE.
[ EXPLOSION ]
WHAT WAS KEEPING YOU.
I WONDERED
-I NEEDED TIME TO FIND HELP.
-NO ALARM?
SENSORS AND THE COMM SYSTEM.
I'VE DISABLED THE INTERNAL
WE'LL TAKE THE BRIDGE FIRST.
OF THOLIAN SPACE, MAXIMUM WARP.
SET A COURSE OUT
I CAN'T ALTER OUR HEADING.
FULL STOP!
THE HELM'S NOT RESPONDING.
HAVING TROUBLE?
YOU DID THIS.
CAN'T BE RELEASED
AUTONAVIGATION
THE COORDINATES I'VE SET.
UNTIL WE'VE REACHED
RESTORE THE CONTROLS NOW.
I CAN'T.
THEY'VE BEEN ENCRYPTED
WITH A RANDOM CODE.
CAN YOU OVERRIDE THE HELM?
IT'LL TAKE SEVERAL DAYS
TO BREAK THE ENCRYPTION.
WE'LL ARRIVE AT THE COORDINATES
LONG BEFORE THEN.
THE BRIDGE IS YOURS, CAPTAIN.
[ GROANING ]
10 HOURS IN THE BOOTH.
IMPRESSIVE.
GET HIM OUT OF THERE.
BRING MAJOR REED.
I WANT HIM TO SPEND SOME TIME
IN THIS INVENTION OF HIS.
MM.
YOU GONNA S-SHOOT ME NOW
OR WAIT FOR COURT-MARTIAL?
FLEET ADMIRAL GARDNER'S
ORDERED YOU RELEASED.
HE RECEIVED THE DATA
YOU SENT HIM.
YOUR SUGGESTION INTRIGUING.
THE ADMIRAL FINDS
SINCE YOU'VE ALREADY LOCKED US
ON THIS COURSE,
I'VE BEEN ORDERED TO INVESTIGATE
YOUR MYSTERY SHIP.
YOU BETRAYED ME.
DON'T THINK FOR ONE MOMENT
I'M GOING TO FORGET THAT.
GET CLEANED UP.
THE SENIOR STAFF IN AN HOUR.
YOU'RE BRIEFING
A PARALLEL UNIVERSE.
THE SCIENCE DIRECTORATE
HAS EXAMINED ALL THESE THEORIES.
THEY'VE FOUND NO EVIDENCE
OF ALTERNATE REALITIES.
A LITTLE MORE OPEN-MINDED
THE THOLIANS ARE
THAN YOUR PEOPLE.
A TRICOBALT WARHEAD HERE,
THEY DETONATED
INSIDE THE GRAVITY WELL
OF A DEAD STAR.
CREATED AN INTERPHASIC RIFT,
THE EXPLOSION
ANOTHER UNIVERSE.
A DOORWAY INTO
-THE RIFT WAS UNSTABLE.
-A DOORWAY.
ONE OF THEIR OWN SHIPS THROUGH.
IT WAS TOO DANGEROUS TO SEND
SO THEY TRANSMITTED A DISTRESS
CALL INTO THE OPENING,
HOPING TO LURE A SHIP
FROM THE OTHER SIDE.
THEIR PLAN WORKED BRILLIANTLY.
HOW DID YOU LEARN ALL THIS?
ON OUTSIDE LABORERS.
THE THOLIANS RELY
HUMANOIDS.
SOME OF THEM CAN BE BOUGHT
FOR THE RIGHT PRICE.
I HOPE YOU DIDN'T PAY
TOO MUCH.
MY CONTACT TRANSMITTED
THESE IMAGES
BEFORE HIS SIGNAL WAS JAMMED.
YOU CAN BARELY SEE ANYTHING.
ENHANCE GRID 3-ALPHA.
COMPUTER,
AN EARTH SHIP?
ACCORDING TO SOME THEORIES,
EVERYTHING THAT EXISTS
IN OUR UNIVERSE
SHOULD ALSO EXIST THERE.
ANOTHER TERRAN EMPIRE?
ANOTHER STARFLEET?
HOW DOES THIS HELP US?
SO WHAT?
THE THOLIANS QUANTUM-DATED
A PIECE OF THE HULL.
THIS SHIP IS NOT ONLY
FROM ANOTHER UNIVERSE,
IT'S FROM ANOTHER TIME --
ABOUT 100 YEARS INTO THE FUTURE.
WE CAN FIND ON THAT SHIP.
IMAGINE THE TECHNOLOGY
NEW TACTICAL SYSTEMS,
ADVANCED BIO-WEAPONS,
ENGINES THAT CAN REACH SPEEDS
WE CAN ONLY DREAM OF.
ALL OF IT OURS FOR THE TAKING.
THIS IS LUDICROUS, CAPTAIN.
THIS EVIDENCE TO LURE US HERE.
SOMEONE HAS FABRICATED
COMMANDER ARCHER IS GUILTY
OF ASSAULT AND MUTINY.
THAT'S ENOUGH, COMMANDER.
SIR, I BELIEVE WE SHOULD --
WE'RE INVESTIGATING THIS.
I SAID SHUT UP!
GET THAT CLOAKING DEVICE
WORKING.
THE CAPTAIN WANTS
A PROGRESS REPORT.
CALIBRATE THE FIELD CONVERTERS.
I'LL NEED ANOTHER MINUTE TO
I SPENT 4 HOURS IN THE BOOTH
BECAUSE OF YOU.
YOUR ANGER AT COMMANDER ARCHER.
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD DIRECT
YOU DISABLED THE ALARMS
IN THAT JUNCTION
AND MADE IT LOOK LIKE
I DID IT.
-YOU'RE MISTAKEN.
-THE HELL I AM!
IF I HAD SABOTAGED THE SHIP!
I THINK I'D REMEMBER
NOT NECESSARILY.
WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME?
I LURED YOU AWAY
FROM ENGINEERING
OF A SEXUAL ENCOUNTER.
WITH THE PROMISE
MY MIND TO YOUR MIND.
ONCE WE WERE ALONE
IN MY QUARTERS,
A TELEPATHIC SUGGESTION.
I IMPLANTED
MY THOUGHTS TO YOUR THOUGHTS.
TO SABOTAGE THE POWER GRID.
I COMPELLED YOU
COMPLETED THE ASSIGNMENT,
AFTER YOU
WE MELDED AGAIN.
I ALTERED YOUR MEMORY
OF WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
CAPTAIN FORREST REGAIN COMMAND.
IT WAS MY DUTY TO HELP
YOU'RE GONNA REGRET
WHAT YOU DID.
THREATS ARE ILLOGICAL.
[ COMMUNICATOR BEEPS ]
ENGINEERING TO BRIDGE.
-WE'RE READY.
-Go ahead.
I'm gonna have to
channel everything
except auxiliary power.
ENGAGE THE CLOAK.
[ BEEPING ]
[ RUMBLING ]
THE COORDINATES.
WE'VE REACHED
HAS DISENGAGED.
AUTONAVIGATION
LET'S SEE WHERE WE ARE.
ON THE FAR RIGHT.
MAGNIFY THE MOON
PRIMARY SYSTEMS ARE OFFLINE,
INCLUDING LIFE SUPPORT.
WE'RE READING 13 BIO-SIGNS,
ALL ALIEN.
APPEARS TO BE REPTILIAN.
ONE OF THEM
THEY'RE CLUSTERED
IN THIS SECTION.
ANY SIGN OF THE CREW?
NO HUMAN SIGNATURES.
WE'VE DETECTED
THE CREW WAS EXECUTED.
IT'S LIKELY
LOOK AT THE SIZE
OF THOSE COILS.
I'LL BET THAT THING
COULD DO WARP 7.
AN ASSAULT TEAM ABOARD.
WE'LL SEND
YOU BROUGHT US HERE.
YOU LEAD IT.
DOWNLOAD WHATEVER YOU CAN
FROM THE DATABASE.
THEN DESTROY THE SHIP.
DESTROY IT?
THE SHIP WITH US.
WE HAVE TO TAKE
WE ARE DEEP IN THOLIAN SPACE.
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS.
SIR, YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
YOU HAVE YOUR ORDERS!
DISMISSED.
GO WITH HIM.
I DON'T WANT ARCHER TO RETURN
FROM THIS MISSION.
DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR,
COMMANDER?
Someone's removed
these components.
They're gutting the ship.
[ BEEPING ]
Human.
I could hold that for you.
If you like, sir,
[ THOLIAN CHITTERING ]
NAPTIME ISN'T OVER YET.
[ BEEPING ]
I'M PICKING UP A TRANSMISSION.
IT'S COMING FROM DECON.
BRIDGE TO PHLOX.
What's happening down there?
IS NO LONGER WORKING.
THE SEDATIVE
-Well, then kill it now!
-WITH PLEASURE.
[ SHRIEKING ]
THREE SHIPS ARE MOVING
TOWARD OUR POSITION.
DOCTOR?
A FEW MORE SECONDS, CAPTAIN.
WILL YOU KINDLY DIE?
[ SCREECHING ]
-[ COMMUNICATOR BEEPS ]
-PHLOX TO BRIDGE.
You won't be having any further
trouble from our guest.
-[ BEEPING ]
-ONE OF THE THOLIAN SHIPS
IS HAILING US.
THIS MUST BE THE CAPTAIN.
HIS NECK'S BROKEN.
[ BEEPING ]
WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO OVERLOAD
THE REACTOR FROM HERE.
GET STARTED.
FOUR MORE SHIPS.
TELL HIM TO ABORT THE MISSION.
CONTACT ARCHER.
LAY IN A COURSE OUT OF HERE.
THEY'RE JAMMING US.
TARGET THE NEAREST SHIP.
FIRE!
[ BUZZING ]
NO DAMAGE.
TORPEDO LAUNCHERS,
FIRE WHEN READY.
[ TORPEDOES FIRING ]
THEY CAN SEE US.
[ EXPLOSION ]
GET US OUT OF HERE.
DISENGAGE THE CLOAK
ENGINEERING,
ALL POWER TO ENGINES.
AND TRANSFER
Cloak's not responding, sir.
[ EXPLOSION ]
HOW MUCH LONGER?
TO TAKE A STAB AT IT.
MAYBE YOU'D LIKE
I CAN ACTIVATE THEIR SYSTEMS.
-STAND ASIDE, COMMANDER.
-ALMOST THERE.
[ BEEPING ]
[ HUMMING ]
[ ALARM BEEPING ]
ENTERPRISE IS UNDER ATTACK.
HULL PLATING'S DOWN.
DECKS "C," "D," AND "E."
WE'VE LOST POWER ON
Engineering to bridge.
The containment fields
are failing.
CAN YOU VENT THE ANTIMATTER?
Reactor breach in 3 minutes.
Negative.
[ EXPLOSIONS ]
THIS IS THE CAPTAIN.
ALL HANDS TO ESCAPE PODS.
ABANDON SHIP.
YOU HEARD MY ORDER!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
AS MUCH TIME AS I CAN.
I'LL BUY YOU
GET OUT OF HERE NOW.
TAKING HEAVY DAMAGE.
ENTERPRISE IS
WEAPONS AND ENGINES ONLINE?
CAN YOU BRING
I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN DO.
GIVE ME A HAND WITH THEM!
[ EXPLOSIONS ]
COMMANDER.